README.md, before:

`[todo] put a build passing badge here)`
`[todo] put a license badge here)`

__If you have been hit by a car and need immediate medical attention or resuscitation from cardiovascular arrest secondary to Blunt Force Trauma, please dial 911 IMMEDIATELY. Do not wait.__

![logo]

Welcome to The Caravan - A cycling-activist performance art piece exhibiting in Branford College, Downtown New Haven, The Internet, and potentially [your venue](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com). A framework and Live Example of a modern, hyper-local, highly reproducible, community-oriented, open-source social movement, a Public Art Project, and a Distributed Performance Art project. Currently evolving at the speed of the internet connections of Caravan's contributors.

We are currently seeking funding through a Yale [Creative and Performing Arts](creativeandperformingarts.yale.edu/cpa-guidelines) grant. More funding sources are under consideration. Do you have experience with grant-writing, grant-writing for art projects, grant-writing for social movements, or a keen interest in one or more of the aforementioned areas of expertise? __Get in [touch](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com)__!

## Marcus Russi/The Caravan, _A Potentially Productive Use of Social Media_, social media, 2017

Our originating piece was finished on Monday afternoon, and is on permanent (nonwithstanding imminent nuclear war) exhibition on the Facebook Timeline of [Marcus Russi](https://www.facebook.com/marcus.russi).

[View a preserved copy](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/Finished-Artwork/Marcus%20Russi%20%26%20The%20Caravan%2C%20%22A%20Potentially%20Productive%20Use%20of%20Social%20Media%22%2C%202017%20(~%201504543320uts)%2C%20social%20media)

## Marcus Russi/The Caravan, _Walking Around My Neighborhood The Day After The Big Bang Noise_, social media, 2017

Our second piece, comprising a few photographs, a multiplexed filename, and a hyperlink was finished on Tuesday evening, and is on permanent (nonwithstanding imminent nuclear war) exhibition on the Facebook Timeline of [Marcus Russi](https://www.facebook.com/marcus.russi)

[View a preserved copy](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/Finished-Artwork/Marcus%20Russi%20%26%20The%20Caravan%2C%20%22Walking%20Around%20My%20Neighborhood%20The%20Day%20After%20The%20Big%20Bang%20Noise%22%2C%202017%20(~1504562400uts)%2C%20social%20media.pdf)

## Marcus Russi/The Caravan, _JAHUDATSSL (Just Another Hopeless Undergraduate Doing A Tech Startup Soft-Launch)_, email media, 2017

Our third piece is an announcement to some undergraduates, predominantly students of Computer Science, at Yale University. It is on display on Marcus' email account and the accounts of anybody who received or was forwarded, bcc'd, etc. It documents the first opportunity electronic mail was used during the course of the project to recruit collaborators from a targeted population (in this case, _nerds_, man)

[View a preserved copy](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/Finished-Artwork/Gmail%20-%20Marcus%20Russi%20%26%20The%20Caravan%2C%20JAHUD...tartup%20Soft-Launch)%2C%202017%20(~1504598110uts)%2C%20email%20media.pdf)

## Marcus Russi/The Caravan, _Late Night or Early Morning Ideation at the Scene of the Crime (I owed the world a Beer)_, street media, 2017

[Description pending, I don't feel the need to explain myself right now -Marcus]

[View a preserved copy](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/Finished-Artwork/Marcus%20Russi%20%26%20The%20Caravan%2C%20%22Late%20Night%20or%20Early%20Morning%20Ideation%20at%20the%20Scene%20of%20the%20Crime%20(I%20owed%20the%20world%20a%20Beer)%22%2C%202017%2C%20street%20media.pdf)

## Marcus Russi/The Caravan, _Good Morning New Haven-Area Motorists (Please Hold While We Bend Over For You_, street media, 2017

[Description pending, I don't feel the need to explain myself right now -Marcus]

[View a preserved copy](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/Finished-Artwork/Marcus%20Russi%20%26%20The%20Caravan%2C%20%22Good%20Morning%20New%20Haven-Area%20Motorists%20(Please%20Hold%20While%20We%20Bend%20Over%20For%20You)%22%2C%202017%2C%20street%20media.pdf)

# More links

![dgear]

Soon, [this will be a link](http://bsbc.co/) to The Caravan's website, but for now it will direct you to the website of the Bradley Street Bicycle Co-op.

![bsbc]

Soon, [this will be a link](https://www.facebook.com/thedevilsgear/) to The Caravan's Facebook page, but for now it will direct you to the Facebook page of the devil's gear bike shop.

# Become involved with The Caravan this Fall 2017!

If you are interested in getting involved with this project, please contact the Project Manager at [marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com).

We are in need of individuals available to:

- Contribute oral histories of their experiences as Dwight-area residents, as they pertain to street traffic and its impact on pedestrian, cyclist, child, and resident safety. We are particularly interested in oral histories from current or former residents who are _not_ current students at Yale College ("undergrads").
    - Please keep in mind that your oral history will be published on [caravannewhaven.org (currently a dead link, check back soon)](https://caravannewhaven.org).
    - Contact [Marcus](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com) if you are still interested!
- Conduct informal literature reviews concerning the physical health and mental health benefits of being a regular cyclist
    - Do you have prior experience doing literature reviews on determinants of health, burden of disease, or urban transit (_or a strong interest_)? __Get in [touch](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com)__!
- Conduct informal literature reviews concerning the outsize amount of risk taken on by recreational cyclists and cyclist-commuters, and its impact on life-expectancy, untimely death or debilitating injury due to a motorist-bicyclist collision.
    - Do you have prior experience doing risk analysis or risk management, analysis of disease or social burden, etc.? __Get in [touch](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com)__!
- Research strategies for digital archival in the open-source, version controlled environment and make recommendations to The Caravan
    - Do you hold an MLS or related degree? Are you a geek about digital archival and directing its future towards the development and use of open-source, accessible tools? __Get in [touch](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com)__!
- Based on these recommendations, implement a small set of digital archival techniques within the Caravan GitHub repository
    - Do you have experience with DevOps, GNU make, built tooling, etc? __Get in [touch](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com)__!
- _One or more technical subprojects to be announced soon, as time and person-resource allows..._
- _One or more arts-focused subprojects to be announced soon, as time and person-resource allows..._
- _One or more logistics-focused subprojects to be announced soon, as time and person-resource allows..._
- _One or more funding-focused subprojects to be announced soon, as time and person-resource allows..._
- _One or more publicity- and messaging-focused subprojects to be announced soon, as time and person-resource allows..._
- Do you have an idea for work that is worth doing under the umbrella of this art project/social movement? Did something in the italicized text above pique your interest? __Get in [touch](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com)__!

# What are the people who are involved with Caravan thinking these days?

[Mindlog.txt](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/Mindlog.txt)

(Even if you are not currently involved with Caravan, feel free to contribute thoughts and/feelings to Mindlog.txt through [this page](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/edit/master/Mindlog.txt). The page will guide you through issuing a Pull Request on the 'master' branch). The Mindlog is for the Community!

# What does the schedule of the project look like at this point?

Refer to rough-schedule.png, inlined here:

![The project schedule][rough-schedule]

[logo]: https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/images/caravan-logo.jpeg?raw=true "The project logo"
[dgear]: https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/images/devil's%20gear%20bike%20shop%20-%20Google%20Search%20Google%20Chrome,%20Today%20at%203.44.56%20AM.png?raw=true "Devil's gear bike shop"
[bsbc]: https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/images/bradley%20street%20bike%20coop%20-%20Google%20Search%20Google%20Chrome,%20Today%20at%203.45.16%20AM.png?raw=true "BSBC"
[rough-schedule]: https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/rough-schedule.png "A rough schedule from September 5 (day 1) thru 2018"

Commit message:

Added broken link to traumatic cardiac arrest paper

README.md, after:

`[todo] put a build passing badge here)`
`[todo] put a license badge here)`

__If you have been hit by a car and need immediate medical attention or resuscitation from cardiovascular arrest secondary to Blunt Force Trauma, please dial 911 IMMEDIATELY. Do not wait. If you are a child experiencing traumatic cardiovascular arrest, once you have dialed 911, you may be interested in reviewing [this paper BROKEN]()__

![logo]

Welcome to The Caravan - A cycling-activist performance art piece exhibiting in Branford College, Downtown New Haven, The Internet, and potentially [your venue](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com). A framework and Live Example of a modern, hyper-local, highly reproducible, community-oriented, open-source social movement, a Public Art Project, and a Distributed Performance Art project. Currently evolving at the speed of the internet connections of Caravan's contributors.

We are currently seeking funding through a Yale [Creative and Performing Arts](creativeandperformingarts.yale.edu/cpa-guidelines) grant. More funding sources are under consideration. Do you have experience with grant-writing, grant-writing for art projects, grant-writing for social movements, or a keen interest in one or more of the aforementioned areas of expertise? __Get in [touch](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com)__!

## Marcus Russi/The Caravan, _A Potentially Productive Use of Social Media_, social media, 2017

Our originating piece was finished on Monday afternoon, and is on permanent (nonwithstanding imminent nuclear war) exhibition on the Facebook Timeline of [Marcus Russi](https://www.facebook.com/marcus.russi).

[View a preserved copy](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/Finished-Artwork/Marcus%20Russi%20%26%20The%20Caravan%2C%20%22A%20Potentially%20Productive%20Use%20of%20Social%20Media%22%2C%202017%20(~%201504543320uts)%2C%20social%20media)

## Marcus Russi/The Caravan, _Walking Around My Neighborhood The Day After The Big Bang Noise_, social media, 2017

Our second piece, comprising a few photographs, a multiplexed filename, and a hyperlink was finished on Tuesday evening, and is on permanent (nonwithstanding imminent nuclear war) exhibition on the Facebook Timeline of [Marcus Russi](https://www.facebook.com/marcus.russi)

[View a preserved copy](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/Finished-Artwork/Marcus%20Russi%20%26%20The%20Caravan%2C%20%22Walking%20Around%20My%20Neighborhood%20The%20Day%20After%20The%20Big%20Bang%20Noise%22%2C%202017%20(~1504562400uts)%2C%20social%20media.pdf)

## Marcus Russi/The Caravan, _JAHUDATSSL (Just Another Hopeless Undergraduate Doing A Tech Startup Soft-Launch)_, email media, 2017

Our third piece is an announcement to some undergraduates, predominantly students of Computer Science, at Yale University. It is on display on Marcus' email account and the accounts of anybody who received or was forwarded, bcc'd, etc. It documents the first opportunity electronic mail was used during the course of the project to recruit collaborators from a targeted population (in this case, _nerds_, man)

[View a preserved copy](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/Finished-Artwork/Gmail%20-%20Marcus%20Russi%20%26%20The%20Caravan%2C%20JAHUD...tartup%20Soft-Launch)%2C%202017%20(~1504598110uts)%2C%20email%20media.pdf)

## Marcus Russi/The Caravan, _Late Night or Early Morning Ideation at the Scene of the Crime (I owed the world a Beer)_, street media, 2017

[Description pending, I don't feel the need to explain myself right now -Marcus]

[View a preserved copy](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/Finished-Artwork/Marcus%20Russi%20%26%20The%20Caravan%2C%20%22Late%20Night%20or%20Early%20Morning%20Ideation%20at%20the%20Scene%20of%20the%20Crime%20(I%20owed%20the%20world%20a%20Beer)%22%2C%202017%2C%20street%20media.pdf)

## Marcus Russi/The Caravan, _Good Morning New Haven-Area Motorists (Please Hold While We Bend Over For You_, street media, 2017

[Description pending, I don't feel the need to explain myself right now -Marcus]

[View a preserved copy](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/Finished-Artwork/Marcus%20Russi%20%26%20The%20Caravan%2C%20%22Good%20Morning%20New%20Haven-Area%20Motorists%20(Please%20Hold%20While%20We%20Bend%20Over%20For%20You)%22%2C%202017%2C%20street%20media.pdf)

# More links

![dgear]

Soon, [this will be a link](http://bsbc.co/) to The Caravan's website, but for now it will direct you to the website of the Bradley Street Bicycle Co-op.

![bsbc]

Soon, [this will be a link](https://www.facebook.com/thedevilsgear/) to The Caravan's Facebook page, but for now it will direct you to the Facebook page of the devil's gear bike shop.

# Become involved with The Caravan this Fall 2017!

If you are interested in getting involved with this project, please contact the Project Manager at [marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com).

We are in need of individuals available to:

- Contribute oral histories of their experiences as Dwight-area residents, as they pertain to street traffic and its impact on pedestrian, cyclist, child, and resident safety. We are particularly interested in oral histories from current or former residents who are _not_ current students at Yale College ("undergrads").
    - Please keep in mind that your oral history will be published on [caravannewhaven.org (currently a dead link, check back soon)](https://caravannewhaven.org).
    - Contact [Marcus](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com) if you are still interested!
- Conduct informal literature reviews concerning the physical health and mental health benefits of being a regular cyclist
    - Do you have prior experience doing literature reviews on determinants of health, burden of disease, or urban transit (_or a strong interest_)? __Get in [touch](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com)__!
- Conduct informal literature reviews concerning the outsize amount of risk taken on by recreational cyclists and cyclist-commuters, and its impact on life-expectancy, untimely death or debilitating injury due to a motorist-bicyclist collision.
    - Do you have prior experience doing risk analysis or risk management, analysis of disease or social burden, etc.? __Get in [touch](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com)__!
- Research strategies for digital archival in the open-source, version controlled environment and make recommendations to The Caravan
    - Do you hold an MLS or related degree? Are you a geek about digital archival and directing its future towards the development and use of open-source, accessible tools? __Get in [touch](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com)__!
- Based on these recommendations, implement a small set of digital archival techniques within the Caravan GitHub repository
    - Do you have experience with DevOps, GNU make, built tooling, etc? __Get in [touch](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com)__!
- _One or more technical subprojects to be announced soon, as time and person-resource allows..._
- _One or more arts-focused subprojects to be announced soon, as time and person-resource allows..._
- _One or more logistics-focused subprojects to be announced soon, as time and person-resource allows..._
- _One or more funding-focused subprojects to be announced soon, as time and person-resource allows..._
- _One or more publicity- and messaging-focused subprojects to be announced soon, as time and person-resource allows..._
- Do you have an idea for work that is worth doing under the umbrella of this art project/social movement? Did something in the italicized text above pique your interest? __Get in [touch](mailto:marcusrussi+caravan@gmail.com)__!

# What are the people who are involved with Caravan thinking these days?

[Mindlog.txt](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/Mindlog.txt)

(Even if you are not currently involved with Caravan, feel free to contribute thoughts and/feelings to Mindlog.txt through [this page](https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/edit/master/Mindlog.txt). The page will guide you through issuing a Pull Request on the 'master' branch). The Mindlog is for the Community!

# What does the schedule of the project look like at this point?

Refer to rough-schedule.png, inlined here:

![The project schedule][rough-schedule]

[logo]: https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/images/caravan-logo.jpeg?raw=true "The project logo"
[dgear]: https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/images/devil's%20gear%20bike%20shop%20-%20Google%20Search%20Google%20Chrome,%20Today%20at%203.44.56%20AM.png?raw=true "Devil's gear bike shop"
[bsbc]: https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/images/bradley%20street%20bike%20coop%20-%20Google%20Search%20Google%20Chrome,%20Today%20at%203.45.16%20AM.png?raw=true "BSBC"
[rough-schedule]: https://github.com/marcusrussi/caravan/blob/master/rough-schedule.png "A rough schedule from September 5 (day 1) thru 2018"
